speaking to you sir and you so you sir
for every year this piece of music
tonight to other things we scored the
winning goal in the world cup you slowly
go on the world cup your favorite
football team as when promotion to the
Premiership you went three flipping
thing going because you've scored the
only goal and you can feel so excited so
happy if I so overjoyed that you're
going to run out to the audience and
you're going to plant a sloppy wet kiss
open on the forehead of a purse at the
same sex as yourself nod your head if
you understand or dare to do understand
but ever you hear this piece of music
tonight you will become so overjoyed
because useful the wig on you've won
everything you want devotion but you'll
find your own exit to audience you're
just plan to sloppy wet kiss on the
forehead of a member the same sex that's
good for man spits mice only when you
hear this piece of music okay that's
good it's very good okay you know I'm
speaking to you sir eyes overweight guys
open wide awake eyes open while you look
frozen wide awake eyes open wide awake
eyes open by the wig now ladies and gent
hypnosis and I keep saying such a
relaxing feeling because the viewpoints
you could be feeling so relaxed and
enjoying yourself and then you could
just do something so over-the-top so
important
okay okay when music stops your inbox
you'll see for a back seat excuse me
swing sit down I'm trying to show you
just return back to your seats with your
son answer sit down buckle video fun I
say sir don't you please trying to show
you and you sit home today me just some
people okay as I said you know hypnosis
reason wonderful thing and I hope we
don't get any more interruptions now
because we're trying to do a series sure
mini
Oh
music stops you to wonder whether how
you doing yoga returns and sequin music
helps everybody what's going on come on
two point sit down sit down I'm user
take see the series so he just like sit
down